Oh, I'm Xiaoyu's biological mother
And you are a piece of crap
When Xiaoyu is tired of playing, he will naturally not want to
Get this homeless dog out
You think you've won everything
In the end, I realized that I actually had nothing
It must taste good
Mr. Wang, congratulations, Mr. Wang has all the power
From then on, Lin's
Oh no, this Wang
You are the only king
Yeah, yeah.
With your leadership
Wang's Group will be listed soon, haha.
Thank you very much.
The party will end later
Just treat everyone to a hotel
I will arrange another banquet for you all
Your banquet is probably half way
Chen Lin, I'm kind enough to invite you to the party
If Plum can't say anything nice
Then close it for me
Don't worry.
Aunt Wang Ye
You don't know yet
My newly founded group
Lin's Group is about to go public
Also the new president
I'm here today to congratulate you
What!
What to use Lin's Group
Mr. Wang, don't be angry about such a thing
Just rely on this idiot Chen Lin
The collapse of the Lin's Group is a matter of time
Yes!
Mr. Chen, don't be kicked out again
Mr. Wang is like this jumping clown
Go jump
Let's go to the banquet
In addition to congratulations
I'm mainly here to watch a good show
I just don't know if Mr. Wang will wait
Are you still in the mood to eat?
What do you mean?
Wang's Group, what about Wang Yu?
Which one is Wang Yu?
If you don't pay back the money, kill the whole family